So, we are asked to to make a new remote control for television. And the characteristics of this new remote control should be original and trendy and of course user user friendly. So people can can use it without any any problem.
Well, I think we should set the the points to to drive the project and
B did you send us an email about this?
Do you want do you want me to send you a mail?
Or you can put it in the shared folder.
You get email,.
Yeah, from the account manager.
I think it's for your guys to how to design it all the aspects so you need that information.
Yeah, so each of us has a role to do. We already have our role. So there are three kinds of designs, that's all.
We have functional design, conceptual design, and detail design. So, who will be the the responsible for the functional design?
I think our responsibilities will be assigned when we in our mail we received from the account manager.
I'm doing the interface.
I'm doing the interface. It was a little confusion about my
Okay, I'll for industrial design. And and you Norman?
Working on i. User interface.
I'm into marketing. A design is basically for industrial design and the user interface.
See there's a role for everybody.
Well, I think we can have a little discussion about what has to be done. and what are your ideas about the
About the design or
Well, we want to have a new re remote control for for TV distribution I guess.
I mean working remotes we already have. This will be something different from the other remotes remote controls.
What we we have to keep in mind the these characteristics. And of course it should not be very costly.
Well I I think that Norman and I would think about the technical points. and we should discuss it in the next meeting, or
What is the most important function aspect? Yeah, it should be easy to work with. We maybe you can have a speech recognition interface. You just tell the television I want which channel. Or or you can say for example, I want to list all the programme tonight. Just say maybe I just want to press I wanna have a button for all the movies tonight. So instead of pressing the channel number, I am choosing the programmes directly.
I I think if we include a lot of technology on the remote control it will be very costly. Like you you you say we can use speech.
The the idea of using speech to reduce the button, but and it's more natural. Yeah.
I mean the main function of remote control is to have something in the hand. and we should be very careful about the size of the remote control. If we are going to add a speech interface, I'm not sure with trendy slim size of the remote control it would be able to put a speech recog. if you want to put a speech recognition system interface for that I think the TV itself could have it. And I could talk to the TV television itself.
But th the main idea I wanted to I wanted to say is that there should be a function, instead of choosing the ch TV channel, there's a option you can choose, either TV channels or or pr or the or the contain or the contents of the programme.
Yeah, yeah it's it's a good idea it's a good idea. but I I think that technically it would be a little bit more tricky to to achieve this than just to
Because you see now all the TV programmes are available on the webs. We just want to retrieve the content. so we can just use the service available. And then there's there are only six buttons for six categories, or sev seven. The most there are only seven buttons. So I just choose the category one. and you reuse the same button, for example to to choose among the the sorted list the programme you want,
Well I I I I think that just by using navigation buttons and the user interface on the screen we are able to navigate through the Well channel programme or contents or in an easy way, so
Yeah, so you don't have to display here,. just display on the TV screen, right?
And just with the with your remote control would just navigate through the f
Because all the TV the the remote control have all numbers, lots of buttons
I think for for the technical points we have to to to check how to gather the data from programme or contents and all this stuff
Ah w we have sometimes to use the white-board.
And another interesting idea for this would be to have an light adaptation system depending upon the picture of. So, I mean, if you're watching a movie and suddenly there is a dark some dark scene, the lights adapt themself. The lighting in the room changes.
Yeah, but we are designing just remote control.
I mean, we have a option in the remote control. If we want to have that option, you press that button in the remote.
Okay, do you want to have a conceptual remote control there,. or you just want to put the function in? the most important function is to ch choo buttons to choose the content. Right? first one is to buttons i or it could be anything with buttons. to choose content or channels.
And we we have to find a way how to gather information about the contents.
So technically how the problems that how to do it is to how to get the content.
I think i it's not very difficult to to browse by channel. I think that's the the things to do. and to reflect about it. and discuss it in the next meeting.
We will get some information in the next meeting,. We will get information. and then we'll come back in.
So maybe we'll meet in maybe five minutes? And we'll discuss the other other aspects.